White-paper (#438)
cqfn/diKTat: wp/sections/download.tex

\subsection{CLI-application}

> \par You can run diKTat as a CLI-application by installing it first. You can find detailed instructions on how to install and run on different OS on github (\url{https://github.com/cqfn/diKTat/blob/master/README.md#run-as-cli-application}). After launch, errors will be found and displayed. Each error consists of a rule name, a description of the rule so that the user can understands the error, the line and column number where the error was found.\\

Reviewer: after "the run"

\subsection{Plugins}
\par Alternatively, you can add a diktat maven or gradle plugin directly to the project: detailed instructions for maven can be found here - \url{https://github.com/cqfn/diKTat/blob/master/README.md#run-with-maven}and for gralde - \url{https://github.com/cqfn/diKTat/blob/master/README.md#run-with-gradle-plugin}.\\
\subsection{Configuration file}

> \par As described above, diKTat has a configuration file. Note that you can point and place the \textsl{diktat-analysis.yml} file containing the diktat configuration in the parent directory of your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\par As described above, diKTat has a configuration file. Note that you should place the \textsl{diktat-analysis.yml} file containing the diktat configuration in the parent directory of your project when running as a CLI application. Diktat-maven-plugin and diktat-gradle-plugin have a separate option for configuration file path.
```

\subsection{WEB}

> \par Of course, the easiest way to use it without any downloads or installations is the web version of a app. You can try it by following the link \url{https://ktlint-demo.herokuapp.com/demo}

Reviewer: oh, I missed it. Great

> \par Of course, the easiest way to use it without any downloads or installations is the web version of a app. You can try it by following the link \url{https://ktlint-demo.herokuapp.com/demo}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\par Of course, the easiest way to use it without any downloads or installations is the web version of the app. You can try it by following the link \url{https://ktlint-demo.herokuapp.com/demo}. Web app supports both checking and fixing, using either ktlint or diktat ruleset. For diktat you can also upload a custom configuration file.
```
